okay we're back and I'm gonna show you
how everything goes all right so finish
connecting everything and I'm just going
to disconnect everything to show you
guys how I did my harness I like to keep
my wires free and a little bit exposed
in case I got a diagnostic thing I've
got basically I don't even taped up all
the way to the transponder ring as you
can see this is my bike my harness right
here it's incorporated into this white
plug seven pin plug whatever this plug
I didn't you I didn't take any wires off
for this plug so don't let this plug
confused I just unplug this just plug so
that I can access his wife this wire
right here this blue wire is my status
wire on my third ignition that's gotta
activate
my bypass module so it's basically
connected to this wrong wire I am my I
used blue because that's basically the
main color for nerd ignition wire flow
basically every along has some kind of
blue wiring for status 430 ignition
whatever you want to call it so now
we're going to connect this I'm going to
connect the green wire first then I'm
gonna take my white wire connected
second
program in his unit is real easy real
simple
all you need to do is plug the module
and
focus on us
it's hard to
Ola camera and doing suit at the same
time
tomorrow how my buddy here to do with me
all right this is what you do
put the harness in the module press it
all the button turn the key the margins
proofing
okay
it's not us we won't start the car so
I'll let you look at the ignition to
show you that there is no ringer on it
just me with the key this particular
model you just press it one tool like
how you will click the mouse and it's
just start right up
there your goal is running no check
engine light everything is all good
money
and we got remote start so for all you
fellas out here do not use the cat max
400 for a 2003 Honda Accord the car is
too old for this module it'll work for
day next day forget about it all right
this your boy you can do diggety diggety
diggety well uh uh Oh see you next time
for the next install hopefully the next
time you get a better camera view
because I have my assistant with me to
hold the camera I